Components of the GitHub Flow:
	1. Branches
	2. Commits
	3.Pull Requests
	4. The GitHub Flow
	5.Git Flow

What are branches 
	Your branch is a safe place to experiment with new features or fixes. If you make a mistake, you can revert your changes or push more changes to fix the mistake. Your changes won't update on the default branch until you merge your branch.  
	git checkout -b myBranch

What are commits: A commit is a change to one or more files on a branch
	git commit -m "Add a helpful commit message"

The primary states for a file in a Git repository are Untracked and Tracked.
	Untracked : An initial state of a file when it isn't yet part of the Git repository. Git is unaware of its existence.
Tracked : A tracked file is one that Git is actively monitoring. It can be in one of the following substates:
		Unmodified :  The file is tracked, but it hasn't been modified since the last commit.
		Modified :  The file has been changed since the last commit, but these changes aren't yet staged for the next commit.
		Staged : The file has been modified, and the changes have been added to the staging area (also known as the index). These changes are ready to be committed.
		Committed: The file is in the repository's database. It represents the latest committed version of the file.

PULL REQUESTS
	A pull request is the mechanism used to signal that the commits from one branch are ready to be merged into another branch.
		Draft Pull Requests

Now that we know the basics of GitHub we can walk through the GitHub flow and its components.

Start by creating a branch so your changes, features, or fixes don’t affect the main branch.
Next, make your updates in the branch. If your workflow supports it, you can deploy changes from this branch to test them before merging.
Now, open a pull request to invite feedback and begin a review.
Then, review the comments and make any necessary updates based on your team’s feedback.
Finally, once you’re confident in your changes, get approval and merge the pull request into the main branch.
After that, delete the branch to keep your repository clean and avoid using outdated branches.


GIT FLOW :
 Git flow Branch Types:
	Git flow uses several long-lived and temporary branches:
		master: Always reflects production-ready code.
develop: Contains the latest development work for the next release.
feature/*: Used to create new features; branched from develop and merged back when complete.
release/*: Prepares a new production release from develop; allows final testing and minor bug fixes.
hotfix/*: Used to quickly patch production issues; branched from master.

How the Git flow Prcoess Works
	Developers create feature branches from develop to build new functionality.
When it's time for a release, a release branch is created from develop. This isolates release preparation work so development can continue uninterrupted.
Bug fixes can be added to the release branch, but major features should wait for a future release.
Once ready, the release branch is merged into master and tagged with a version number. GitHub can use these tags to help you generate release notes.
The same release branch should be merged back into develop to keep it in sync.
If a critical production bug arises, a hotfix branch is created from master. Once fixed, it’s merged into both master and develop.

When toUse Git Flow

